Mr Bun  	Morning
Waitress	Morning
Mr Bun	    What have you got, then?
Waitress	Well, there's egg and bacon; egg sausage and bacon; egg and spam; egg, bacon and spam; egg, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, egg, spam, spam, bacon and spam; spam, spam, spam, egg and spam; spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, baked beans, spam, spam, spam and spam; or Lobster thermidor aux crevettes with a mornay sauce garnished with truffle pâté, brandy and with a fried egg on top and spam.
Mrs Bun 	Have you got anything without spam in it?
Waitress	Well, there's spam egg sausage and spam, that's not got much spam in it.
Mrs Bun 	I don't want ANY spam!
Mr Bun	    Why can't she have egg, bacon, spam and sausage?
Mrs Bun 	That's got spam in it!
Mr Bun	    Not as much as spam, egg, sausage and spam.
Mrs Bun	    Look, could I have egg, bacon, spam and sausage without the spam.
Waitress    Uuuuuuggggh!
Mrs Bun     What d'you mean uuugggh! I don't like spam
Vikings	    (singing) Spam, spam, spam, spam, spam ... spam, spam, spam, spam ... lovely spam, wonderful spam ...
Waitress	Shut up. Shut up! Shut up! You can't have egg, bacon, spam and sausage without the spam.
Mrs Bun	    Why not!
Waitress	No, it wouldn't be egg, bacon, spam and sausage, would it.
Mrs Bun 	I don't like spam!
Mr Bun	    Don't make a fuss, dear. I'll have your spam. I love it. I'm having spam, spam, spam, spam, spam ...
Vikings	    (singing) Spam, spam, spam, spam ...
Mr Bun	    ... baked beans, spam, spam and spam.
Waitress	Baked beans are off.
Mr Bun	    Well can I have spam instead?
Waitress	You mean spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam?
Vikings	    (still singing) Spam, spam, spam, spam ... (etc.)
Mr Bun	    Yes.
Waitress	Arrggh!
Vikings	    .. . lovely spam, wonderful, spam.
Waitress	Shut up! Shut up!
The Vikings shut up momentarily. Enter the hungarian.
Hungarian	Great ------, honeybun, my lower intestine is full of spam, egg, spam, bacon, spam, tomato, spam ...
Vikings	    (starting up again) Spam, spam, spam, spam ...
Waitress	Shut up
A policeman rushes in and bundles the Hungarian out.	
Hungarian	My ------ explode...
Historian	Another great Viking victory was at the Green Midget cafe at Bromley. Once again the Viking strategy was the same. They sailed from these fiords here, assembled at Trondheim and waited for the strong north-easterly winds to blow their oaken galleys to England whence they sailed on May 23rd. Once in Bromley they assembled in the Green Midget cafe and spam selecting a spam particular spam item from the spam menu would spam, spam, spam, spam, spam ...
Vikings	    (singing) Spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, lovely spam, wonderful spam. Lovely spam wonderful spam ...